The Joe Rogan experience. So have you been,
have you paid attention to this Jeffrey Epstein's stuff? Yeah.
A little bit way things going on.
I think, uh, uh, I think he, uh.
If you had to guess.
I think the too many, very powerful people, he had stuff on too many,
very powerful people likely, right? Probably.
Yeah. Yeah. They took the guy off suicide watch,
even though he's one of the most important witnesses. Yeah. Weird.
A really creepy high profile case that might have
connected a bunch of really powerful people. Yeah.
I don't, I'm not, I don't, I don't necessarily believe that it's,
you know, the people from like it's Trump or it's the Democrat.
I think there's other very powerful people that would have wanted this guy to
go.
You have no idea how many very powerful people want Scott to go away.
He could sing, he could sing for his freedom.
My question is,
is there didn't they give like a whole bunch of evidence and stuff from him that
like these powerful people would have. Yeah.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Whereas all of that stuff. Yeah. Yeah.
You said you didn't know that he had a cellmate.
This was the guy that was the cellmate. Well that's how hard is he?
That guy him.
Former cop Jeffrey Epstein reported it wasn't checked on for hours before his
appearance suicide. That, that guy found him there.
Like how high do we think that that guy didn't kill him.
They left her.
Rope in there.
That guy could definitely kill him without leaving that guy looks.
Like he could do some damp. Look at the guy's arms.
That guy could just wrap Jeffrey Epstein up in a bear hug and hanging himself.
Maybe.
Just choked him.
Yeah. I mean,
he could put that noose around Epstein's neck and then squeeze his arms together
and just pull on it until the guy hangs to death and then go, oh my God,
I phone him hugged. How.
Did that guys jacked?
Huge.
Imagine you go to jail in a high profile case and they throw you in there with a
giant bald guy. That's like gross a burger.
From stir.
Crazy. But look at this.
This is like caricature of the guy you don't want to be stuck.
Exactly. Yeah. In the bad movie.
That's the guy you're waiting for you in the cell. Next cop.
Yeah. He looks like, what is his name?
What? He go to jail for it.
Look at his name. [inaudible].
Westchester county charges.
The deaths of four men stabbing from an alleged cocaine, drug conspiracy.
And bro, he's that big. And he's 51.
How many cops are smuggling steroids in their to, to get to this guy?
How is he staying that way?
So how he hung himself? So then,
so they had like a belt or a rope left in there.
This guy probably said, listen, if you keep getting me into juice,
I'll keep this guy on ice. Right? They didn't, uh,
they said, this is the one conspiracy.
This is the one conspiracy where nobody
believes the true story that I've talked to. No.
Nobody except.
Michael Shermer. Who? Michael Shermer, the guy who runs skeptics, magazines.
Friend of mine. Nice guy. I couldn't disagree with him more.
He thinks that things just happen and people kill themselves. Oh,
he that's his take. He likes a lot of conspiracy. No,
no silence is conspiracies. He's never met a conspiracy.
He likes doesn't like any conspiracy.
And this one is almost predictable.
He's right now he's writing away.
And I think his concept is pull up his tweets so we could read what he's saying.
I mean, you're not in a good place.
You could see wanting to kill yourself for sure.
You know, make that a larger blues.
I don't know where he like he started. Yeah.
Well just, just make it larger. It just seemed to make no scroll.
Scroll down a little bit there. Okay. A new conspiracy theory development.
I was thinking regarding suicide. They made it happen on purpose
[inaudible] in here. It is here. It is. Scroll down.
If some no-name pedophile die by suicide in prison, awaiting trial,
anyone would anyone bother concocting?
Conspiracy theories about him being murdered,
murdered by clan to Stein outside forces. Of course not as with JFK,
Diana, Maryland at all.
Fame warps perspective and fuels unwarranted speculation.
First of all, this is not unwarranted. Second of all,
if you don't think that powerful people have people killed your hilarious,
like that is awfully naive. Yeah, they do do it. It says,
remember the adage regarding conspiracy theories never attribute to malice.
What can be explained by incompetence or chance. True. Sure.
You shouldn't do that. It is possible, but what, what are the odds?
There's something, this is so bad.
Because he's in so many circles and touch so many super powerful people.
It's different.
Powerful people.
It's he's not just a pedophile.
Like he's saying,
gave him a $70 million house in New York
city gave him, him. One of his clients gave.
He was the power of attorney at the time. So he signed it over to himself.
Rather.
Not let him do that.
That's the question is whether or not he even knew it was.
Happening. Oh, come on. Like he just stole the house.
From the guy. He was in control of a lot of stuff. Yeah.
[Inaudible] seven games coming. That's what's coming out now.
But how would the guy who did he signed it off on?
How would the guy not know this guy stole his house and not Sue him?
He was in control.
Of all of his finances.
Right. But the guy was, he was living in the house. Who? The guy Wexner? No,
absolutely.
They bought, he bought the house for him basically.
That's what I'm saying. The guy bought it for Epstein, right? Yeah.
But he who it buys you a $70 million. I don't know. No one's.
Bought me nothing.
There's there's so many questions. This guy's about where his wealth was.
And then the color of his house.
Didn't he own anything.
I love the eyeballs on the entrance and set the about the house is crazy too.
There's like cameras inside the house and.
But the other thing was the house that's on the island.
That is the same color it's painted in the same way.
These rarely flag is [inaudible]
. And this, there was an idea. People are wondering like how far this guy's influence goes and where it comes from. And look at this house, bro. That was his house, his house on this island.
Island. It's like a building there that's.
A temple year out on his island, bro. That's a dope temple by the way,
Elena was awesome. Jeez. I would love that. If that was my house, come on in.
Oh, how'd he get so much money. Exactly. No one really knows.
Didn't he have something to do with Victoria secret?
Yeah. He, um,
he managed some money for the Victoria secrets guy that owned that. Correct? Uh,
the guy who gave him the house. Oh yeah. You know,
bill Clinton flew on his private jet. No less than 26 times. Whatever.
No big deal. He.
Was hung out of Mar-a-Lago. Yeah.
But I mean, I flew with him 26 times.
I've never flown with it. It'd be,
have to be my very best friends that I tour with all the time.
Have I flown with you 26 times? Maybe four or five when I'm ain't really ever.
Maybe if we flew together, it might be a little more than four or five.
It might be 10. It might be 10. I mean, I've known you for years.
It's not been 26 times. So bill Clinton swollen with his one guy.
Why he's the president of the United States? I think.
Was he still president then? Or it was afterwards. I.
Flew with Jerry probably 20 times. I don't make any money.
I liked fly whichever I don't have to pay. I mean,
that's a lot of times it would be partying with a dude.
You would think that you would find out about how that guy.
That when he hadn't planned on the plane was sort of when he up.
Cause he was that's when he stopped flying under the radar.
Who did Jeffrey up to when that, when that day happened. Oh,
and he's been like hiding ever since, because that was like 2003 or four.
Oh really? When he got busted was shortly after that.
Since then it wasn't, uh, it wasn't Trump talking about it with Howard.
And Howard stern. What was he talking about? Oh, about that.
He likes them young ladies.
Yeah. Like why were they talking about him? I don't know. Cause he was, uh,
I guess he.
Was arrested or something.
No.
I was just in the news. The rest was later.
And that was part of the problem was that with the arrest,
the arrest was for some sexual thing with underage girls and he got a really
light sentence and people were freaking out about,
and then one woman pursued this pretty heavily.
She was a journalist and she produced, pursued this story. Right.
I'll tell you, I tried to find out the Miami Herald. But uh,
that book I was telling you, I just read about James Patterson.
He said everything that kind of came out in that story,
they already wrote about, about 2016.
And for some reason the media didn't really pick up on it.
He said he wrote letters to everyone. Well, yeah, that was.
When that was when this guy got that really light sentence was around there.
But this one woman kept writing about it.
And this is one of the things that pull up the name of this woman that,
because this one woman really doggedly pursued this story is because of
her.
And I think a lot of it had to do with her recognition that this guy who had
gotten his creepy lights on. Yeah.
Not to be confused with downtown Julie Brown.
Julie Cape, she.
Was great. Like Michael B. Jordan doctor. Not the,
not the.
World's greatest. No one wants her name is even close to the story.
James Brown, the sportscaster was that guy. Nice guy.
James Brown. Sportscaster. Yeah. How the do you call yourself? James Brown.
Dare you like he owns that, right? Like Michael Jackson,
if you're Michael Jackson and you're a singer. You're who.
Right, right. Yeah.
Don't you have anyone in your camp telling you this is a bad idea. Isn't it?
They're two of those cuts. Like a knife guys. What's that? Guy's name?
The guy from Canada. Um,
Brian, Brian Adams.
There's Brian and there's Ryan. Ryan.
Ryan, Ryan. Your name.
You can't even got in trouble too.
How about Ricky Adams? Be Ricky Adams. Ricky Adams,
Whatever happened to Bryan Adams, man that cuts like a knife gun.
Like that was awesome.
Summer of 69.
Yeah. He had some great jams.
I think he's still playing casinos. Yeah.
I really I've seen him in a show tonight where Bristow, Virginia.
They shall go to see him. We should make a road trip. He.
Best. Yeah. I'm sure it's a good show.
We really have to start doing stuff like that. Yeah. Road trips.
Just to go to see ridiculous shows.
Yeah. Definitely friends out there. Journeys.
Out there. The journey with the Japanese in there. Yeah.
That's bad-ass.
As good as Steve Perry ever did in his prime. I know.
Amazing. Steve Perry is still out there. I don't think he's performing,
but he's still around.
What are you playing? Brian Adams. Try and crop. Wow. Look at that. Fine Adams.
Yeah. That's all.
Yeah. That was a star.
Post-menopausal chips.
At the summer of 16.
What does he look like these days? I stretch in here.
That he's REMS fit.
Stretched out back. He says Brian abs that's the ham.
Yeah. It's him.
It's a weird black and white photo.
So he's got some Snapchat filter on them too.
He's obviously a spiritually sound. He looks healthy.
Well listen, man, that guy was a, he was a rock star when I was in high school.
That's right. And if he looks that good today, that's incredible.
Taking care of himself. Must be. Yeah, he's doing something right.
It's not running around after teenage girls. It's living a good life.
Floozies flying them a bill. Clinton's
[inaudible] what are we doing today?
Yeah. It's for.
Conspiracy theorists right now. Like for uh, Sam Tripoli. No Sam Tripoli,
tinfoil hat podcast in who's.
Gone. God couldn't be happier.
But he's taken it to another level.
He thinks he's not really dead that they faked his death. Ah, of course.
Geez, Louise, for.
When a conspiracy theory is obvious, they look for the non-obvious possible.
Cause they do the exact opposite of what Michael Sherman was talking about.
Theorists never attribute to malice, everything. Right?
Everything is malice. All of it.
If it looks obvious, this is something more.
Uh it's so creepy. God. Well God good. Who cares? How, what?
It's good. He's gone.
Maybe not man. Maybe not these guys. Maybe not. Maybe if he stayed alive,
he could have told us some stuff about some terrible people that are still alive
doing things.
He's the worst one. I don't know.
About that. He's a creeper.
How do we know that we know he's a creep most likely,
but we definitely don't know if he's the worst out of all those people that he
was creeping with. Yeah.
The thing is if the guy really did film a bunch of people that are super
powerful people doing crazy.
Yeah. There's gotta be some stuff. Right. Um,
if I was leading the investigation, I'd go after the hard drives.
That's where they keep it all.
They did find hard drives, filled with stuff that he had. They did, yeah.
That he had with the very young girls and suggestive poses.
And I don't know if it was pornography,
but they were talking about how many different photos of young ladies
found on his computer.
All right. Enough with this guy.
But I don't know if they were young, like illegal or young, like 18.